`azurerm_security_center_setting` - Disable on Delete and RequiresImport support (#15983)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/security_center_setting.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

> * `setting_name` - (Required) The setting to manage. Possible values are `MCAS` and `WDATP`. Changing this disables the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `setting_name` - (Required) The setting to manage. Possible values are `MCAS` and `WDATP`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
